---
title: Study Away Updates for CO2026
tags: [pathways, graduation, studyaway]
style:
color:
description: Study Away Recent Updates
---


<style>
.responsive-wrap iframe{ max-width: 100%;}
</style>
<div class="responsive-wrap">


</div>

**Updates on 2-Semester Study Away Requirement:**

- **GPA Requirement for Application:** Students need a GPA of 3.9 at the time of application (first 2 years) to qualify for the 2-semester study abroad program. There is no flexibility in this GPA requirement.

- **GPA Expectations During New York Stay:** The expectation is for the GPA to remain consistent with the application requirement. For further details, Professor Daqaq can provide additional insights.

- **GPA Decline Before Travel:** If a student's GPA falls below the 3.9 threshold before their travel date, they will only be permitted to study away in NY during the spring semester.

- **Type of GPA Considered for Application:** The internal GPA is taken into account for the application, meaning all grades are considered.

- **Criteria Beyond GPA:** While GPA is a primary factor for the 2-semester application, other factors are also reviewed. This includes the student's academic and disciplinary standing, their progress in their major and overall degree, the declared major itself, the quality of their application, and their provided rationale for wishing to study away.

- **Important Information for Applicants:** All students must review the engineering study away pathway. It's crucial for them to schedule a meeting with a professional study away advisor to discuss their plans well in advance of the application deadline.
